Update repositories-getting-started.md (#828)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/repositories-getting-started.md

<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/repo_with_files-dark.png"/>
</div>

<Tip>

> You might find it useful to setup a [git credential helper](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitcredentials) to avoid filling your username and password on every push operation.

Reviewer: i know its weird but i think GitHub's doc about this is better than https://git-scm.com/docs/gitcredentials

Or maybe better, do a short version of GitHub's doc in our doc

Author: hmmm, the only thing I find seems to be specific to GitHub: https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/caching-your-github-credentials-in-git. Maybe they changed recently (_Password-based authentication for Git has been removed in favor of more secure authentication methods_)

Reviewer: then maybe a super short extract from the git doc

BTW you also need to mention and link to the git+ssh doc, cc @SBrandeis (it's probably the simplest for anyone having trouble with setting up git-credential)

Author: I changed a bit, hopefully it's enough (super short extract from the git doc -> I think we should not push that solution, and it depends on every user OS / configuration, so... better to let them figure how to set it up)

> If you cloned the repository with HTTP, you might be asked to fill your username and password on every push operation. The simplest way to avoid repetition is to [switch to SSH](#cloning-repositories), instead of HTTP. Alternatively, if you have to use HTTP, you might find it helpful to setup a [git credential helper](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitcredentials#_avoiding_repetition) to autofill your username and password.

Reviewer 2: LGMT, but shouldn't we point users to `Git over SSH` instead? See https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/security-git-ssh

```suggestion
If you cloned the repository with HTTP, you might be asked to fill your username and password on every push operation. The simplest way to avoid repetition is [clone it via SSH](#cloning-repositories), instead of HTTP. If SSH is not configured yet, please refer to [Git over SSH](./security-git-ssh). Alternatively, if you have to use HTTP, you might find it helpful to setup a [git credential helper](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitcredentials#_avoiding_repetition) to autofill your username and password.
```

> <Tip>
> If you cloned the repository with HTTP, you might be asked to fill your username and password on every push operation. The simplest way to avoid repetition is to [switch to SSH](#cloning-repositories), instead of HTTP. Alternatively, if you have to use HTTP, you might find it helpful to setup a [git credential helper](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitcredentials#_avoiding_repetition) to autofill your username and password.
> </Tip>

Reviewer 3: Need to add a blank line before and after `<Tip>` so the links inside it are properly rendered!

```suggestion
<Tip>

If you cloned the repository with HTTP, you might be asked to fill your username and password on every push operation. The simplest way to avoid repetition is to [switch to SSH](#cloning-repositories), instead of HTTP. Alternatively, if you have to use HTTP, you might find it helpful to setup a [git credential helper](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitcredentials#_avoiding_repetition) to autofill your username and password.

</Tip>
```
